feat(insomnia): update user reports data (#6621)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/enterprise-user-management.md

## User activity reports

You can generate a CSV report about active and inactive users by clicking the download button next to **Last Active** in the [Licenses](https://app.insomnia.rest/app/enterprise/licenses) page.
{% new_in 13.2 %} This report can be filtered by the last 7, 30, or 90 days. 

Each report contains:

- The date at which each user last opened Insomnia.
- {% new_in 13.2 %} The number of requests the user made.

> - {% new_in 13.2 %} The number of documents the user created. 

Author: ```suggestion
Each report contains the date at which each user last opened Insomnia. {% new_in 13.2 %} This report can be filtered by the last 7, 30, or 90 days. 
```

## User activity reports

You can generate a CSV report about active and inactive users by clicking the download button next to **Last Active** in the [Licenses](https://app.insomnia.rest/app/enterprise/licenses) page.

> Each report contains the date at which each user last opened Insomnia. {% new_in 13.2 %} This report can be filtered by the last 7, 30, or 90 days. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each report contains the date at which each user last opened Insomnia. This report can be filtered by the last 7, 30, or 90 days. 
```
Removing based on convo in Slack.
